https://www.guru99.com/non-functional-testing.html

1) Security:
The parameter defines how a system is safeguarded against deliberate and sudden attacks from internal and external sources. This is tested via Security Testing.

2) Reliability:
The extent to which any software system continuously performs the specified functions without failure. This is tested by Reliability Testing

3) Survivability:
The parameter checks that the software system continues to function and recovers itself in case of system failure. This is checked by Recovery Testing

4) Availability:
The parameter determines the degree to which user can depend on the system during its operation. This is checked by Stability Testing.

5) Usability:
The ease with which the user can learn, operate, prepare inputs and outputs through interaction with a system. This is checked by Usability Testing

6) Scalability:
The term refers to the degree in which any software application can expand its processing capacity to meet an increase in demand. This is tested by Scalability Testing

7) Interoperability:
This non-functional parameter checks a software system interfaces with other software systems. This is checked by Interoperability Testing

8) Efficiency:
The extent to which any software system can handles capacity, quantity and response time.

9) Flexibility:
The term refers to the ease with which the application can work in different hardware and software configurations. Like minimum RAM, CPU requirements.

10) Portability:
The flexibility of software to transfer from its current hardware or software environment.

11) Reusability:
It refers to a portion of the software system that can be converted for use in another application.he degree to which user can depend on the system during its operation. This is checked by Stability Testing.

Performance Testing
Load Testing
Failover Testing
Compatibility Testing
Usability Testing
Stress Testing
Maintainability Testing
Scalability Testing
Volume Testing
Security Testing
Disaster Recovery Testing
Compliance Testing
Portability Testing
Efficiency Testing
Reliability Testing
Baseline Testing
Endurance Testing
Documentation Testing
Recovery Testing
Internationalization Testing
Localization Testing


Following are examples of Non-Functional Testing
Test Case #	Test Case	Domain
1	Application load time should not be more than 5 secs up to 1000 users accessing it simultaneously	Performance Testing
2	Software should be installable on all versions of Windows and Mac	Compatibility Testing
3	All web images should have alt tags